WIP : Improving macos build step docs (#3873)
utmapp/UTM: Documentation/MacDevelopment.md

Alternatively, run `git submodule update --init --recursive` after cloning if you did not do a recursive clone.

## Downloading PreBuilt SysRoot Dependencies

The easiest way is to get the prebuilt dependences from Github.

- Find the list of [release builds here][1]. 

> - Pick the latest release and download all of the `Sysroot-macos-*` artifacts for the architecture you will need (you will need to be signed in to a github account). If you only intend to run locally, it is alright to just download the sysroot for your traget architecture.

Reviewer: Typo says "traget"

> - Pick the latest release and download all of the `Sysroot-macos-*` artifacts for the architecture you will need (you will need to be signed in to a github account). If you only intend to run locally, it is alright to just download the sysroot for your traget architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pick the latest release and download all the `Sysroot-macos-*` artifacts for the architecture of your choice (you will need to be signed in to a GitHub account). If you only intend to run it locally, it is sufficient to download the SysRoot for your target architecture.
```
